welcome to thriller recapped today i will
show you a sci-fi episode from "love death
and robots" spoilers ahead watch out
and take care the scene starts with
a young couple moving into an apartment
and we see "Rob" and his girlfriend "Gail"
sooner rob notices an old style fridge in their
apartment he opens it and it has excessive amount
of ice in it he takes one cube and they get ready
to celebrate it with wine he notices that in the
ice cube there is a small sized mammoth in it it
is also injured with spears used in stone age gale
opens the fridge and they find a miniature-sized
lost civilization in their fridge it looks from
medieval times it looks beautiful and real but
only small in size she says that mammoths are
extinct since centuries rob is sad since he had
to dump the body of mammoth in his flower pot they
check again after 10 minutes and the civilization
has started its own industrial revolution
in few minutes they reach the current time they
also see small-sized humans and a starbucks
they're amazed with the speed of the development
soon a war starts and they get hit by a nuke
rob is thrown away and rob's face is toasted
gail thinks they should close the fridge and
let them sort out their own things and they
shouldn't interfere later they eat dinner and rob
is worried about the civilization and gail
thinks they might have gone extinct from the war
but soon they decide to open it again and they
see a miniature size type 2 civilization looks
like the civilization has crossed our current
state long ago and they are very advanced in
their own way soon a burst of planes fly outside
the fridge and the couple enjoys the tiny lights
around them however then it goes off feeling
worried and disappointed from what they witnessed
they hug each other and try to comfort each other
and they get ready to sleep gail closes the door
or fridge and they go to bed the next day they are
having breakfast they both are still worried and
curious at the same time gail opens the fridge and
she sees everything starting again like the cycle
of life and then a dinosaur is seen attacking our
ancestors and the show ends let me know what you
would have done in the comments and please like
and subscribe it really helps the channel...